# Quiz 05

Write the JavaScript code for creating a function called `quiz`

```js
// your code here
function quiz() {}
```

True or False? Creating a function will also runs the code inside the function.
false

What is a callback function?
callback function is run by another function after an event occurs

True or False? Recursion is when a function calls itself inside the scope of that function.
True

True or False? Variables created in the scope of a function can be used outside the scope of that function.
False

In JavaScript if statements you don't need to write `myBoolean == true` `myBoolean == false` to check if something is true or false. What about to check if `myBoolean` is false?

if (!myBoolean)

In JavaScript what function is used to get the current time in milliseconds?
performance.now

Is code that deals with user interaction considered synchronous or asynchronous?
asynchronous

What does it mean for code to be synchronous or asynchronous?
synchronous is when the code doesn't wait, it just runs line by line
asynchronous is used when the program has to wait for something

What are the two main forms of asynchronous programming in JavaScript?
await, callbacks

Give an example of a situation where you would want to use callback functions instead of `async`/`await`.
callbacks are good for handling events that the program shouldn't wait for, for example confirm screen with yes or no buttons

What are the benefits of using `async`/`await` over callbacks?
it can make the asynchronous code be written linearly.

True or false? `await` can be used outside of an `async` function.
false
